
RFM69_RxTx.ino
==============

This is the first working sketch.  Tested on the bench with a
breadboard to trigger a solenoid via commands issued from RPi.

The first working check-in is at b6b2f0c302ddf54e5a320bbd4c90c7f1c3e77ea3

In addition to the RFM69_RxTx.2_Tx_pkt_relay sketch description above,
the call to turn LOW/HIGH of the A2 and A3 pins of the ATT84 based on
the command received is also included in this sketch.



Timing:
------

The sketch sends out a packet with sensor values every 60sec.  100ms
after finishing sending, it switches RFM69 to Rx with a timeout of
3sec.  A packet received in this Rx window is processed to see if (a)
it was meant for this node (ID=15 sent in payLoad.supplyV), and (b) if
the sender was the server node (ID=5).  If a valid packet was
received, it is processed and the RFM69 put to sleep.  ATT84 goes to
low-power sleep for 60sec.

The BS treats any packet from ID=15 as a heart-beat and responds with
either a command packet in its cache from RPi, or a self-generated
command packet with the NOOP command, which ensures that the remote
radio is in the Rx mode for the shortest possible time.


Commands accepted by the remote node:
------------------------------------

 ASCII          Arg1    Arg2     Arg3                  Arg4
               Nibble1 Nibble0 Nibble1               Nibble0
 RFM_SEND         CMD    NODE    P1                      P0
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 VALVE CLOSE       0      N     PORT           TIMEOUT in minutes (default 30min)

 VALVE OPEN        1      N     PORT           TIMEOUT in minutes (default 30min)

 VALVE SHUT        2      N     PORT           N/A

 Set RX TO         3      N     N/A            TIMEOUT in  sec. (default 3sec)

 Set TX interval   4      N     TO in sec.     Multiplier (default 1)
                                (default 60s)

 Set valve pulse   5      N     Multiplier     Pulse width in milli sec.
 width                                         (default 10ms)

 NOOP             255     N     N/A            N/A


Cmd-2 (SHUT) puts both the DIO pins connected to the port PORT of
L9110s to LOW values.

Cmd-3 (SET_RX_TO) sets the max. length of time for which the radio is
in RX mode.  After this, it is assumed that there is nothing to
receive.

Cmd-4 (SET_TX_INT) sets the interval for which the remote unit is shut
(the radio and the MCU in sleep mode).  It is calculated as

  for i=0; i<MULTIPLIER;i++) sleep(TO sec.);

Cmd-5 (SET_VALVE_PULSE_WIDTH) sets the width of the pulse in time sent
to the solenoid (via L9110s) by keep the DIO pins to HIGH/LOW for this
length of time.

Cmd-255 (NOOP) is does nothing. It is currently treated as an hint
that there is nothing to receive for this node.
